Fix typos in web SDK introduction.md [no-issue] (#3765)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/web/introduction.md

#### Build tooling: @c8y/websdk and @c8y/devkit

> An additional two build tools are added, which help scaffolding (`@c8y/websdk`) and developing (`@c8y/devkit`) the application. The package `@c8y/websdk` is quite simple and only provides the promps for creating a new application. The overall havy lifting is done by the `@c8y/devkit`. It replaces the default dev-server and builder options in the `angular.json` and extends the webpack configuration with everything needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, two build tools are added, which help with scaffolding (`@c8y/websdk`) and developing (`@c8y/devkit`) the application. The package `@c8y/websdk` is quite simple and only provides the prompts for creating a new application. The overall heavy lifting is done by the `@c8y/devkit`. It replaces the default dev-server and builder options in the `angular.json` and extends the webpack configuration with everything needed.
```
